Classifier overnight #2 - threading is live and verified, Run 3 is firing

MULTITHREADING: DEPLOYED AND GATED

The long jobs now run on a pool of 3 worker threads instead of one. The rule I
set for myself before starting was that a faster answer is worth nothing if it
is a different answer, so the build had to reproduce a known result to the
cent before I would trust it.

The gate: re-run the exact DOT-singles replication that produced
bracketlab-20260728-0741 on the old single-threaded code, and compare.

   single-threaded (0741)   10.7 min
   3 workers      (0941)     4.1 min          2.6x faster

   DOT declared cell   +185.08 on 235 trades, 130 wins   - identical
   replication         7/17 positive dollars             - identical
                       5/17 positive vs control          - identical

   VERDICT: PASS

Identical to the cent, not merely close. If it had failed I would have pinned
the pool back to one thread before running anything else; that path is still
one settings change away and needs no deploy.

Why it is safe to be identical: the tasks are pure - a rotation or a sweep
unit shares nothing with any other - results are stored by task identity
rather than by whichever worker finished first, and ties break on a full sort
key so the finished board is a function of the SET of results, not their
arrival order. The CPU cap still governs each worker's duty cycle, so the
button now reads "CPU 90% x3" - the machine-wide draw is three times the
number you set, and it used to quietly be one times it. Stop jobs now kills
the workers outright rather than waiting for them to notice.

What this buys in practice: the 90-minute doubles sweep becomes about 35
minutes, and a 1000-rotation null becomes an overnight job rather than a
two-night one.

THREE FIXES THAT WENT IN WITH IT

1. Replication mode was promoting only the top 25 units. The declared cell is
   only read at the promoted stage, so every per-asset number in a replication
   table was being conditioned on how the unit did in the cheap first pass -
   exactly the selection effect replication exists to remove. It happened to
   be harmless on everything run so far (17 units, 17 promoted either way) and
   would have silently biased Run 4, which has 272. Replication now promotes
   every unit. There is a regression test.

2. The email script never actually worked through the deploy endpoint - the
   helper installed on the box does not forward the argument, so every call
   hit its usage message. Reports are now named in a version-controlled
   pointer file instead, so which report went out stays auditable.

3. Deleted a duplicate copy of the bracket unit logic that no longer had any
   callers. Two copies of the same math is the one thing that can quietly
   break the "parallel equals serial" guarantee.

RUN 3 - FIRING NOW (bracketlab-20260728-0946)

One declared configuration, scored on all 17 assets as singles:

   gate        on-active
   distance    1.0 x band
   exit        161 hours
   quorum      25% of the members
   branch      daily-3d, auto band, argmax, 24/7

Where each number came from - the rule was fixed before I read the finished
board: take each knob's most common value counted over DISTINCT trade assets,
break ties on row count. Counting distinct assets rather than rows matters,
because one asset can put a dozen near-identical rows on a board and look like
a consensus on its own.

   gate       active   both surviving assets, 32 of 32 rows
   exit       161h     both, 23 of 32 rows
   distance   1.0x     both, 11 of 32 rows (ties 1.5x on assets, wins on rows)
   quorum     ---      NO MODE: 3, 6, 8 and 12 of 16 all tie

The quorum is the one knob I could not derive, because the board does not
contain an answer - the winning committee size is a four-way tie. I set it to
25%, the lowest bar, on the strength of the standing finding that committee
size does not move the weights. That is the weak link in this declaration and
I have put it on the record as such rather than dressing it up.

Why singles when the config came from doubles: 17 assets as singles is 17
independent looks, one apiece, which gives a plain binomial with no shopping
tax to subtract. It is the same protocol that killed the DOT configuration in
six minutes last night, and it is the cheapest way to find out whether this
one is also a window artifact. Reading rule, same as that one and fixed now:
12 or more of 16 fresh assets positive = a mechanism worth pursuing; 8 to 11 =
ambiguous; under 8 = artifact, retire it.

Then Run 4: the same declared cell on all 272 doubles. That pair of runs is
what actually answers your question about whether doubles add anything the
singles do not - both sides using a cell fixed in advance instead of the
winner of a search.

ONE THING I WOULD LIKE YOUR GO ON

The exit horizon keeps coming out at the top of whatever menu it is offered.
It was 65 hours when 65 was near the ceiling; on the doubles board it is 161
hours, the largest value that exists, on 23 of 32 rows. An optimum sitting on
the edge of the range is not an optimum, it is the edge. I have deliberately
NOT widened the menu - changing it mid-hunt would add multiplicity to every
result downstream and make tonight's runs harder to read. But it is a real
question and it wants its own declared test: extend to roughly 185, 209 and
233 hours and see whether the peak is interior. Say the word and I will set it
up as a separate, declared run rather than folding it into the hunt.

Results from Run 3 in the next email.
