Minute confirmation done — and an API bug that made two of my results meaningless

tl;dr — Minute confirmation is built, deployed and validated (delta of 8 cents across 303 trades on a control case that had to come out near zero). But I found a bug while testing it: the API silently dropped the "trailing" and "holdout" flags, so both features were unreachable and every "trailing" run I fired actually ran with trailing OFF. I briefly reported that trailing lost to market entry on DOT — that was wrong, trailing was never switched on. Fixed, with a test that catches the whole class. On your four points: signature fixed, tl;dr already enforced, folder duplication left alone, and email-as-prompt is partly buildable and partly not — details at the end.

THE BUG, BECAUSE IT INVALIDATED SOMETHING I TOLD YOU

startBracketLab reads params.trailing and params.holdout. server.js never
forwarded them. So the toggles existed in the form, my scripts sent them, the
endpoint threw them away, and the run proceeded with trailing off and no
holdout — while producing a perfectly plausible board.

It cost a wrong conclusion before I caught it. I fired a trailing sweep on
DOT, saw no trailing cell on the board, and read that as "trailing did not
beat market entry here". Trailing had never been swept. Withdrawn.

There is now a test that reads which parameters the orchestrator actually
consumes and asserts the endpoint forwards every one of them. I verified it by
deleting the forwarding and watching it fail with exactly "trailing, holdout"
before putting it back. This is the third silently-dropped-parameter bug in
this system, so the test is worth more than the fix.

MINUTE CONFIRMATION — DONE

It re-runs a chosen cell minute by minute instead of assuming what happened
inside each hour. Same cell, same calls, same fees, same rules; only the bar
size changes, because a finer run that also changed the fill logic would
confirm nothing.

The validation was the strongest one available. The board's top row happened
to be a MARKET cell — no rails, no stops — and for that case the hourly open
IS the first minute's open, so a correct implementation had to return
essentially zero difference:

    hourly    +645.92   303 trades   192 wins   0 stops
    minute    +645.83   303 trades   192 wins   0 stops
    delta      -0.08

Eight cents across 303 trades, with identical trade, win and stop counts, and
the self-check confirming the hourly re-score reproduced the recorded row. The
residue is real data gaps: the hourly data is forward-filled so missing
candles are papered over, and the minute data deliberately is not.

Two traps closed on the way, both of which would have failed silently:

 - The kline parser floors every timestamp to the hour. Feeding minute files
   through it would have collapsed sixty candles onto one and discarded 59,
   with no error and a believable result.
 - My first test asserted "minute beats hourly". It does not, in general. I
   built a case where a dip landing after the entry rather than before made
   the finer run WORSE. Both readings are legitimate views of the same hourly
   bar, which is the entire reason this step exists. Asserting a direction
   would have baked in the optimism the step is meant to remove.

A declared trailing cell is running now so the feature gets exercised on the
case it exists for. That is the last outstanding item from your list.

YOUR FOUR POINTS

1. BlueMail syncing the subfolder, two copies — noted, left alone as you said.

2. Signature — you are right and it was confusing. I have been signing with
   your initial. Worker mail signs "c." from here, and the send script now
   REFUSES a message signed "t." so I cannot drift back into it.

3. Email as prompt. Partly real today, partly not, and I would rather be
   precise than agreeable:

   (a) Works now, for this session. Your verified mail lands in my working
       context and I act on it — that is exactly what happened with all four
       of your earlier instructions. The limit is that it only holds while
       this session is alive. There is no durable mail-to-session bridge yet.

   (b) Model and effort by email is the part that does NOT work, and I want to
       be straight about why rather than promise it. I cannot change my own
       model or effort from inside a running session. Those are fixed when a
       session is created. So the only version that could work is one where
       each email spawns a FRESH session with the model you named — which
       means losing the accumulated context that makes this one useful. That
       is a real tradeoff, not a technicality: a fresh session would not know
       about the trail-amb counter or why we retired row 9.

   (c) Markup in your emails is easy and I suggest we do it regardless. If you
       put lines like these at the very top:

           session: classifier
           model: opus
           effort: high

       I will parse and honour what is honourable and tell you plainly when
       something is not — rather than silently ignoring it, which is the
       failure mode this whole system keeps producing.

   What I have NOT done: created any scheduled infrastructure on your account
   to make this durable. That is persistent, it outlives this conversation,
   and it is your call. If you want it, say so and I will propose the specific
   shape before building anything.

4. Complete response in every email, tl;dr at the top — the tl;dr is enforced
   by the send script, so it cannot be forgotten. This email is the format.

c.
