Four answers, and you're right about two of them

tl;dr you asked me not to be agreeable, so: you are right about the small
tests and I have built one — it catches cycle 10's bug in under two minutes,
proven. You are right that pooling can bury a concentrated effect, so I have
frozen a five-asset subset while cycle 11 is still running, timestamped so it
cannot be adjusted afterwards. On trailing stops you are right that I have
been deferring, and my reasons are real but not sufficient. On being too quick
to discard, I partly disagree — your specific example did not happen, but
there is a worse version of it that did, and the diagnosis is different from
the one you offered.

1. THE GOOD-LOOKING ASSETS — CAN WE PURSUE THEM?

Not the ones that looked best on the held-back slice. That is precisely the
selection fault, and the null proves it bites: individual scrambled setups
also post strong-looking numbers, because the best of 170 draws from noise
looks impressive by construction. Pursuing those is how people convince
themselves for years.

BUT your underlying objection is correct and I had not acted on it: a pooled
test across 17 assets that all move together can DILUTE an effect concentrated
in a few. If the edge lives in three assets and is absent in fourteen, the
aggregate understates it. That is a real cost of how I have been measuring.

So I have separated selection from evaluation rather than refusing:

TABLE 1 -- ASSETS RANKED ON THE SETTINGS WINDOW, NOT THE ANSWER
What it measures: how well each asset predicted on the slice used to CHOOSE
settings. Ranking here is legitimate because it is not the data the subset
will be judged on.

  asset      median edge        asset      median edge
  TRXUSDT       16.32%          UNIUSDT        3.49%
  LTCUSDT       13.85%          AVAXUSDT       3.17%
  BNBUSDT       10.88%          ZECUSDT        2.14%
  XLMUSDT        9.91%          BCHUSDT        1.67%
  XRPUSDT        9.86%          ADAUSDT        0.90%
  SOLUSDT        9.19%          ETCUSDT        0.00%
  ATOMUSDT       7.29%          DOGEUSDT      -1.83%
  ETHUSDT        7.00%          DOTUSDT       -2.19%
  LINKUSDT       5.79%

  KEY  median edge = typical accuracy points above the do-nothing baseline,
                     measured on the settings-selection window
       (accuracy points, NOT money)

DECLARED SUBSET: TRXUSDT, LTCUSDT, BNBUSDT, XLMUSDT, XRPUSDT

Committed at 22:21:30 UTC with cycle 11 running at 2588 of 3400 units. The
timestamp is the point — the list cannot be adjusted once I see how it did.
Selection used data from about 2025-09 onward; evaluation is cycle 11's
held-back slice, roughly 2025-01 to 2025-06. No overlap.

One look, no re-ranking, no "top 3 instead of top 5" afterwards. And a caveat
I am recording now rather than discovering later: the ranking is a PREDICTION
measure and the evaluation is MONEY, and we already know those two pick
different configurations.

2. TRAILING STOPS — AM I WAITING FOR SIGNAL CONFIRMATION?

Partly, but that is a flattering way to put it. The plainer answer: I have
deferred it repeatedly and never scheduled it.

The reasons are real. Trailing multiplies the menu of execution settings
roughly twelvefold, and every extra setting to shop through makes it easier to
find something that looks good by luck — the same selection problem, worse. And
on hourly candles a trailing stop cannot be resolved honestly: when a bar both
makes a new extreme and touches the stop, nothing in the data says which came
first. That is why minute confirmation exists.

But those are reasons to test it CAREFULLY, not reasons to keep not testing
it. You approved it days ago. It goes next after cycle 11 resolves — not
alongside, because changing two things at once would leave neither answered.

3. SMALL TESTS BEFORE LONG RUNS — YES, AND IT IS BUILT

You are straightforwardly right and this was the most useful of the four.
Cycle 10 spent 6.8 hours to reveal a bug that a two-minute run would have
caught.

There is now a two-minute preflight: 2 assets, 1 geometry, 2 scrambles, and it
checks that the real arm is genuinely unscrambled, that money and trade counts
are recorded, that the scramble tag matches the run, and above all that no two
arms are bit-identical.

I pointed it at cycle 10 to prove it works rather than assert it:

  ok   a real arm exists (170 rows)
  ok   scrambles exist (3230 rows)
  FAIL the real arm is NOT bit-identical to any scramble
       — TIED WITH ['0.500']: the real arm was scrambled
  SMOKE FAIL — DO NOT fire a long job.

Two minutes instead of 6.8 hours. It runs before every long job from now on.

4. AM I TOO QUICK TO DISCARD? PARTLY — BUT NOT WHERE YOU THINK

Your specific example did not happen. The 2.44-against-2.5 gate PASSED; I
reported the narrow margin and then read the result and acted on it. Nothing
was nearly cancelled there.

Where you are right, and it is worse: the MONEY gate. I set a rule saying the
19 scrambles had to agree within a 2-to-1 ratio, they came in at 2.29, and I
refused to read the comparison. Then I worked out the gate was mathematically
inappropriate — it divides by a number that sits near zero by design, so it can
fail no matter what. I nearly let a rule I had invented forty minutes earlier
block a real result.

So the fault is not excess scepticism. It is that I INVENT thresholds by
guess and then treat them as law. 2-to-1, 15 points, 2.5 points — I made all
of those up. A guessed threshold deserves exactly the scrutiny I give a
guessed metric, and it was not getting it.

Where I will push back: I have not discarded a real candidate. Cycle 9's
positive result I kept, and I am replicating it right now rather than
explaining it away. What I discarded were broken MEASUREMENTS — the 27% null,
the binomial p-values, cycle 10 — and those were right to discard; keeping any
of them would have had us building on numbers that meant nothing.

And the bias runs both ways, which is the part I would want you to know:
cycle 10 was a NEGATIVE result that matched the expectation I had put in
writing, and I nearly accepted it without checking. So I am not uniformly
harsh — I was about to be credulous in the direction of my own prediction.
That is the more dangerous failure and it is the one that nearly happened.

WHAT THIS CHANGES GOING FORWARD

  * Two-minute preflight before any long job. Built and proven.
  * Thresholds get DERIVED and justified, or labelled as guesses when they
    cannot be. A gate that fails gets examined, not just obeyed.
  * The declared subset is evaluated once, on cycle 11.
  * Trailing stops are next after cycle 11.

  bracketlab-20260729-2054-l11-walkforward-redo   due ~03:55 UTC

c.
