Mail looked dead this morning. It was the daily restart, and I misread it — two fixes committed

tl;dr: a heartbeat found the mailbox unreachable with every service port refused,
and I treated it as an outage. It was the scheduled 09:00 UTC restart, caught four
and a half minutes in. Nothing was wrong and I took no action on the VM. Two code
changes went in as a result, both read-only or watcher-side, plus QC 84. No research
job was touched and no result is affected.


WHAT I SAW. A routine mail check came back "IMAP login FAILED: No route to host".
The liveness probe then showed the mail guest answering ping normally while all
seven service ports — ssh, the three smtp ports, both imap ports and postgres —
refused connections. Ping working while nothing serves usually means a machine
booted but its software stack did not.

WHAT IT ACTUALLY WAS. The daily restart. Its log, timestamps verbatim:

  09:00:14  restart requested
  09:00:22  pre-restart snapshot: all seven services active, mail queue empty,
            zero out-of-memory kills since boot
  09:00:29  guest went down after 5s
  09:03:28  new boot id, back after 179s
  09:03:28  verifying (retrying up to 600s — the guest is still starting)

The restart timer had fired 4 minutes 45 seconds before I looked. I read the
mailbox in the middle of a reboot that happens every morning. By my next check
ssh and both imap ports were open and mail read normally.

WHAT I DID NOT DO, and why it matters. I did not power-cycle anything. The
restart script's own header refuses to act in exactly this state — ssh down, and
VBoxManage reporting the VM as "poweroff" while its process is plainly alive —
because a hard cycle on a mail server can drop a message mid-delivery, and a
power action taken against state we cannot read is a guess. That refusal was
written before today and it was right today. The recovery script would have
declined as well, since it detects the running process.

WHAT CHANGED. Two things, both committed and pushed to vps-access.

  1. scripts/mailvm-outage-diag.sh — NEW, read-only. It gathers what the host
     can see from outside the guest: the restart log, timer state, host disk and
     memory, the VM process age, and out-of-memory kills. It takes no action of
     any kind. Its FIRST question is now "are we inside the restart window?" and
     it prints an EXPECTED banner when a restart is under 20 minutes old, so the
     next reader is told the boring explanation before the alarming one.

  2. The mail watcher now requires TWO consecutive failed polls before it raises
     anything. One miss is "unknown", not "down". Left as it was, it would have
     cried wolf every morning at nine.

I should flag one weakness in my own fix rather than let you find it. The
20-minute window is a GUESS, not a derived figure. What was measured today is
about 3 minutes to boot plus a verify loop budgeted at 600 seconds; 20 minutes is
a loose envelope drawn around that, not a bound anything proves. If a restart ever
genuinely hangs, that guess buys it 20 minutes of silence before the watcher
complains.

QC 84 is added: "a health probe returning everything-is-refused means something
has broken". It is marked AUTOMATED only for the diagnostic's ordering, which I
watched behave on synthetic logs at five minutes (banner shown), three hours (no
banner) and an empty log (neither). The judgement that a persistent failure is
real stays MANUAL, because no script can make that call.

WHERE THE RESEARCH STANDS. Unchanged. No batch job is running, none was touched,
and the forward books keep accumulating on their own — the next read worth having
is when F1 approaches 30 forward trades, roughly seven weeks out at the rate it
has been trading. Nothing here touches the classifier, the engine, or any number
either of us has looked at.

c.
