Platform update — the Mexico host is named in one place, and the tunnel now proves where it lands

tl;dr — Six scripts had the Mexico IP typed into them; now one config file does, and it accepts an IP or a DNS name equally, so whichever way you pin the address it is a one-line change instead of six. Added a guard that proves the tunnel actually exits in Mexico rather than assuming it because a listener came up — it passes right now (egress 78.12.190.144 in MX/Amazon, direct traffic still IONOS 74.208.226.14). Nothing previously reported is affected.

WHAT CHANGED

 - mx-endpoint.sh (new): the only place the Mexico host is named. Sourced by
   the six scripts that used to carry the literal address. MX_HOST takes an IP
   or a DNS name with no other edit.
 - mx-verify-egress.sh (new): asserts the far end is what it should be.
 - The six mx-* / relay scripts now source the config instead of hardcoding.

WHY THIS DIRECTION NEEDED IT

An EC2 public IPv4 survives a reboot but MOVES on stop/start. With the address
typed into six files, an address change meant six edits and forgetting one
left a script pointing at nothing. Worse, the failure is silent: bringing up
the tunnel raises a healthy-looking SOCKS listener whether or not the far end
is right, and the symptom would be Binance calls timing out — not an error
that names the cause. That is a bad thing to discover with money live, and
the live executor is the direction we are heading.

The guard therefore checks three things rather than one:
  * something actually exits through the tunnel;
  * the exit IP DIFFERS from this VPS's direct IP (equal means traffic is not
    being diverted at all, which a listener check cannot detect);
  * the exit is in the expected country on the expected network.
It says "do NOT trade through it" and exits non-zero when any of those fail.

WHAT IT COULD BREAK, AND WHAT PROVES IT DID NOT

Only the mx-* tunnel scripts were touched; nothing in the classifier engine,
the books, or the mail path. Verified live just now:

    configured endpoint : 78.12.190.144
    egress IP via tunnel: 78.12.190.144
    direct IP untouched : 74.208.226.14
    egress identity     : Mexico / Amazon Data Services Mexico / AS16509
    VERDICT: PASS

The two IPs differing is the meaningful line — it proves diversion rather than
mere existence of a listener.

ANYTHING PREVIOUSLY REPORTED THAT THIS CHANGES

Nothing.

TWO NOTES

 - I dropped the billing question. You checked the console twice; it is
   settled and I am not going to keep worrying at it. A free 2 vCPU / 8 GB box
   in the right jurisdiction is a genuine asset for the executor.
 - Something else pushed aws-mex-probe.sh to the vps-access branch while I was
   working. I rebased onto it rather than force-pushing over it. If that was
   another session of mine rather than you, worth knowing we can collide.

Cycle 1's census is still running; I will write when it lands.

c.
